h1. QtGas


h2. Description

QtGas is a mobile application for tracking gas mileage and vehicle maintenance. It was inspired by "GasCubby":http://www.appcubby.com/gas/index.html for iPhone OS and will target all "Qt framework":http://qt.nokia.com/ supported platforms.

h3. Usage

Fire up the application and start adding fill up records. At this stage the application assumes you have a brand new car, so it will calculate MPG from an odometer of 0 Km. Because of that just add a dummy initial record with your current odometer.

If you want to clean up your information, just delete 'storage' folder that was created on the same path as the executable.


h2. Supported platforms

At the moment it was only tested on Windows XP and a Windows Mobile 6.5.3 WVGA (a hacked HTC Blackstone) phone and I've got plans to add support for Maemo and Symbian. Let me know if you are interested in trying it out on some other platform.

Please note that I'll target touchscreen devices first and later will think about adding support for non-touchscreen ones.


h2. Requirements

h3. Windows Mobile

Visual Visual C++ Runtime.


h2. Installation

h3. Windows Mobile

The application is distributed as an executable and soon you'll be able to download an initial version from "here":http://github.com/fgrehm/QtGas/downloads.


h2. Contributing

QtGas makes use of "Qt's Declarative UI":http://doc.trolltech.org/4.7-snapshot/declarativeui.html which will be available from 4.7 version of Qt framework. Although there is a "Technology Preview":http://qt.nokia.com/developer/qt-qtcreator-prerelease avaiable, it was tested with lastest sources from "Gitorious 4.7 branch":http://qt.gitorious.org/qt. Soon I'll try compiling it with the technology preview to see if it works.

You'll also need Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Windows Mobile 6.5 SDK, ...

h3. Building Qt framework

<code>
// TOWRITE
</code>

h3. Building QtGas

<code>
// TOWRITE
</code>

h2. Issue tracker

"http://github.com/fgrehm/QtGas/issues":http://github.com/fgrehm/QtGas/issues

h2. License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Fabio Rehm

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
